This file will give general help about the project. For help with individual pieces, there is a 'help.txt' file in each folder.

---- Overview ----
The mobile app will run on the research phone.
The sample web page should run on your computer.
The vibe server should be run on a cloud with public IP address.
The arduino must be plugged into the computer running the web app.

---- Help ----
I tried to only include the most recent version of files, but during development I had a lot of different version and commented out code.
Thus, there may be some useful things I forgot to include in the code.
So if any assistance is needed, I am probably a good resource to reach out to --> eric.husa@slu.edu

---- Current State ----
At current, the actual behind the scenes process of the code is different than what the paper claims (for dev purposes)
When all systems are up and running, the process looks as follows.

1. The vibe server is passive and waits to be called.
2. When the button on the phone app is clicked, it will continually reach out to the Vibe server looking for the 2fa code.
3. The Vibe Server will respond with False until it gets the call from the web app.
4a. When the button on the web app is pressed, it alerts the server to start the 2fa process.
4b. At this time, the web server will now also begin reading from the computer's serial port.
5. The Vibe server will generate the 2fa code.
6. The request the phone is making will now be responded to with the code.
7. The phone app translates the code into a vibration pattern and vibrates.
8. The arduino picks up the vibration and sends data to the serial port.
9. The web app detects data coming in and closes the port when it detects no more vibration (sees too many zero values)
10. Web app then sends the raw data to the Vibe Server
11. Vibe Server will process the data and determine if it is acceptable or not.


---- Important Notes ----
Both the mobile app and the web server need to know the address to access the Vibe Server api. 
After you set up your own Vibe Server cloud, replace the old api call addresses in the code with your new ones.